Environment API (#14306)
withastro/astro: .changeset/adapter-interface-breaking.md

---
'astro': minor
---

> **setAdapter() additions:** New optional properties for adapter entrypoint handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds new optional properties to `setAdapter()` for adapter entrypoint handling in the Adapter API
```
Will also note, as a **minor** changeset, this is your chance to introduce a new feature! This one does not have to be minimal, and ideally will sound a bit more like a blog post, tell people what's interesting/good about it, why they might want to use it... so do feel free to have fun with this one!
